

# Interview with Ahsan Naseem- COO of Coeus Solution



Discuss about the Company , Rules , Company Structure, Clients and Market Dealings.



## Projects/ Products :

 

Coeus has both projects and product base company.

* ** Services:**  ... Mostly provide **services to any company or customers.** for example **design and develop web sites or portal**, that scope include all except logo or snapshot of any web-sites.


* 
** Products:** ... Coeus has its **own Products and enhance them** to come into market like:

***Apatrip :*** its s Mobile Application for Hotels so that they facilitate their customers.
   ***yourTravelAgent :*** that is a just like a travel agent, gives all information according to place and provide guidelines.





## Customers : 



Two type of Customers, both big Companies like Meta design and small Projects direct form Customers Side.


* ** Meta-Design :** Meta design almost gives all projects to coeus, so that that has a great partnership with coeus.

* ** E-commee :** Coeus done the major development of E-come.

* ** End-Customer :** Directly a person want to create a web-site.




## Business Model : 



Two Types of Contracts with Customers.


* ###  Dedicated Development Contract :
**Meta_Design or E-comme **, associated companies **hired direct resource** from coeus for development, mostly **risk at the Client end** so **less charge **to the Client, and they **pay fixed price at the end of the month**. if a php developer is hired by Meta-Design, he assign task to him and less risk at the coeus end. 


* ###  Fixed Price Contarct : 
At the **End-Customer** , they give requirements and **amount of money describe according to their work**, but if the **creeping requirement** are there, then price will be increase,mostly **risk at the company side** because of creeping requirement , deadlines meet and delay in payments etc,  usually **highly charged**.


## Common Discussion :

* 
**Process Follow:** A version of Scrum is followed in Coeus, Mostly we  can say, **Agile** is Followed.

1. **Languages:** For  Web Development php, and for Mobile Applications android an d IOS. Ruby is also introduced in coeus.

2.  
**Customer Interact: **Direct Sales Manager, Project Manager,Quality Assurance, Some Times Team Lead and Software Engineer also interact with Customer.

